# Drake
In this repository I shall discuss the rapper Drake. Drake has reinvented himself many times. How has his style changed over time? I shall look at the audio features for each major album, and cluster them into distinct style periods. My chosen corpus consists of music by the Canadian rapper Drake. Drake has been one of my favourite artists for several years. He has has also consistently been my number one listened to artist, according to Spotify. The interesting thing about Drake is that he always bring out albums that are true to himself, but also releases music that is out of his comfort zone. Therefore, the comparison points in my corpus will be a select number of his albums and mixtapes. Drake is well-known for expressing his emotions in his music and I expect the results to project this as well. This means that some albums will concern the concept of love and heartbreak, while others would focus more on a bachelor lifestyle. In addition, I think that Drake makes bolder moves over the years regarding his rapping style and music genres he indulges himself in. I expect a lot of variance in the danceability, energy, speechiness and valence across the albums. Drake is also known for making a lot of hits. It will be interesting to find his most popular songs and see why they gained popularity and how they differ from one another. What are the requirements for Drake to make a hit?

The uploaded plot shows the distribution of Drake's album based off of their computed average popularity and danceability. The size of these data points represents the average energy. The second plot shows the computed average danceability and the average energy. This plot shows that albums with a higher average energy tend to have a lower average danceability. This trend would be seen better if the data points were ordered, as shown in the third plot. 
